# FRT-Project.
project Title: E-Commerce Website
Industry: Lifestyle

E-commerce has given us access to services and products that are not otherwise available in rural areas. E-commerce provides an important platform for promoting and marketing products around the world. Through an e-commerce webiste, the comapny can introducing new products to customers all around the world. It not only saves time of both the company and its customers, But it also lowers the cost of thr products by eliminating the middlemen and thus makes the product affordable. Websites provide business people with the opportunity to communicate with their customers over the Internet. Luxury brands weren't ready to stop production in preparation for the Covid 19 outbreak. Consumers most often enjoy the convenience and simplicity of shopping online and receive the orders in their homes. The product in just one click away and one can shop anything from clothes to groceries online sitting on their couch. The Lifestyle Industry is changing rapidly with the advent of online websites, Infact Lifestyle Industry set the foundation stone for the future of E-commerce in the entire world.

Project Description:

Problem Statement: During COVID-19, Due to lockdown,The company was not able to provide services to its customers and hence the sales were decreasing and the business was suffering losses.

Opportunity/Solution: The main idea of Project is to build an sample prototype E-Commerce Website with an online Payment Gateway for a Lifestyle company with the help of HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP.This project deals with developing an e-commerce website for Online Product Sale. The comapny can now perform its business online and sell its products to its existing customers and increase the reach of its busniess via E-Commerce website. The customers can take the services right from their homes during the lockdown period and the busniess will also thrive as now, It can not only interact with its domestic customers but can also come in contact with potiential busniness opportunities Abroad. It provides the user with a catalog of different product available for purchase in the store. In order to facilitate online purchase a shopping cart is provided to the user. I am using Azure Technologies with GitHub to complete this project. 
